- Rogue Readme -


  = Q & A =


 Q : Why Rogue? 

 A : A fellow creator and a friend of mine, Dawn de Era, started getting into a game called Ultra Fight Da Kyanta 2. He
     introduced me to the game, and it was the weirdest experience, yet the game was pretty fun, though I couldn't imagine
     how the game would be played at the competitive level. Basically, Dawn ripped the sprites via screenshotting the game
     and cropping the images, then reshading them to simplify the colors. He managed to create a full Rogue spritesheet, and
     on top of that, he also created new custom sprites for Rogue that aren't in Kyanta 2. So, he wanted me to create a Rogue
     to test how I would handle weird characters like how I did with Wario, while he would make his own Rogue.


 Q : What's her playstyle like?

 A : Rogue shares little similarities between this version and her Kyanta 2 appearance, and I mainly used what I knew about
     how Rogue played in Kyanta 2 and how pure zoners played in CvS2. So, to summarize, Rogue plays like a CvS2 pure zoner.


 Q : Who's that bird that flies next to Rogue?

 A : The bird that flies next to Rogue is named P-Chan. He's like Mamahahah but I don't hate the fuck out of him. P-Chan is
     involved in a few of Rogue's specials, specifically the P-Chan attack and P-Chan carry, two specials that are incredibly
     crucial to Rogue's zoning and counter zoning. However, P-Chan can get hit by the opponent, and if P-Chan takes 10 hits,
     he flies off screen and gets KOed. Rogue cannot use any P-Chan attacks for the rest of the match. However, P-Chan's health
     does get regenerated after each round. Now, this does sound flawed, but the good thing is that when P-Chan gets hit, he
     flies back in pain, and cannot get hit during his hitstate, so he cannot get comboed, therefore multi-hits cannot destroy
     P-Chan in seconds. It's important to keep P-Chan alive throughout the match because the moves Rogue has access to via
     P-Chan are incredibly important to her gameplay, so keeping P-Chan alive is very important. With that in mind, it's not
     optimal to not get greedy with P-Chan's moves, as he can get hit, and if he takes 10, he's out for the rest of the match.


 Q : How do you play Rogue?

 A : Rogue is considered in Kyanta 2 as a pure zoner. She, like Sagat, has different options to zone out the opponent and also
     counter zone the opponent who also wants to create offense through zoning. Her standing arrow has many different ranges
     and are good options for tricking the opponent during her offense. Her crouching arrow works not only as a decent anti-air,
     but also works as a counter zoning tool. EX crouching arrow can actually confirm into a followup for extra damage. P-Chan
     attack is also a great form of an anti-air, and also works as another form of Rogue's elite zoning, as P-Chan can easily
     break into the opponent's defense, however be careful, as P-Chan can get hit by the opponent, and if he get's KOed, Rogue's
     offense is downgraded heavily. Her Rope Swing can also work as a great counter-zoning tool, and it works as a followup if
     the EX variant is used. P-Chan carry is probably her most important special, as it's her best form of counter-zoning, and
     much like how Shadow DIO's grab was so good he was almost considered a grappler, you'd say that the P-Chan carry is such a
     good special for Rogue you could say that Rogue can be considered a rushdown character. Her LP variant works as a way to 
     push into the opponent's defense, and her HP variant can work as a way to "surprise" the opponent with an overhead. Her supers
     unfortunately aren't THAT crucial to her gameplay other than combo enders, however, the Multi-Shot super is very, very good.
     The reason why is because 1. you get extra damage from the EX arrow and 2. the arrows are 3 hit projectiles, which beat out
     most projectiles that aren't EX variants or super variants. This amplifies her zoning abilities, and it's completely worth the
     10 seconds and 1 bar of meter. In short, just play like Sagat, but be more inclined to zone than counter zone, and also make sure
     that P-Chan is kept alive throughout the match because the moves Rogue can use are crucial to her gameplay, so don't lose P-Chan.



  = BEGINNER COMBOS =

 cr.LK xx cr.LK xx cr.MK xx Arrow

 cr.MP, cr.MP xx Arrow

 cr.LP, cr.MK xx P-Chan Attack

 a.HK xx EX.Rope Swing, Crouching Arrow

 cr.LK, cr.MP, cr.MK xx EX.Arrow, st.HP


  = CUSTOM COMBOS =

 Install, s,HK, repeat (a.HK), CC ends, a.HK, cr.LK xx cr.LK xx cr.MK xx Arrow

 Install, s.HK, repeat (a.HK, a.MK, st.HP), Multi-Shot, cr.LK xx cr.LK xx cr.MK xx Arrow, st.HP


 = CREDITS =

  Dawn de Era - SFF

  KarmaCharizard & Trololo - Feedback